# CS102 ~ Group 2I Meetings Log page ~

Below is a record of our project group meetings. This page will be submitted together with the rest of the repository, in partial fulfillment of the CS102 course requirements.

### Meeting ~ (19/04/2020, 30min)
**Present:** Everyone
**Discussion:** 
We talked about how we can start learning Android Studio. We recommended different youtube channels and udemy courses to each other. We decided we will be following the channel "Android Developer". We will also decided that we should be ready to start coding until next weeks meeting. Next meeting planned for 26/04/2020.

### Meeting ~ (26/04/2020, 30min)
**Present:** Everyone
**Discussion:** 
We were not ready to start coding so we again talked about the different tutorials. We also talked another youtube channel which is called "CodingWithMich" and we discussed that we should also follow this channel. We also thought about UML of our app and possible usefull classes, however since we did not have enough knowledge about android development we could not managed to come up with class ideas. Next meeting planned for 03/04/2020.

### Meeting ~ (03/05/2020, 25min)
**Present:** Everyone
**Discussion:** 
We were almost ready to start coding. We talked about different part of our app and how we can code those parts. We talked about how we are going to learn about databases and which database we should use. We decided we should use firebase because of its wide range of applications. Next meeting planned for 07/05/2020.

### Meeting ~ (07/05/2020, 1hour)
**Present:** Everyone
**Discussion:** 
We started coding. We discussed task distribution. Next meeting planned for 10/05/2020.
**ToDo:** 
- Sergen will do the authentication part, 
- Faruk will do the challanges/tasks part layout and some transition buttons.
- Mehmet Ali will do daily quest part layout.
- Ahmed Salih will do proggress map layout and custom recyclerView adapter class. 

### Meeting ~ (10/05/2020, 1.5hour)
**Present:** Everyone
**Discussion:** 
We tried to solve authentication problem of Faruk and talked about layouts and code mechanisms of search, task and daily quests parts. We talked about how we can manage to those sections of our app. We talked about new task distribution. Next meeting planned for 13/05/2020.
**ToDo:** 
- Sergen will get user data from the firebase and put those into user profile.
- Faruk will work on tasks part. He will work on creating a new layout which will show the imageView, tags and camera button.
- Mehmet Ali will complete the layouts and help others with database.
- Ahmed Salih will do work related to capturing image and uploading it to firebase + layout which will be created by Faruk.


### Meeting ~ (13/05/2020, 2hour)
**Present:** Everyone
**Discussion:** 
We completed the UML and Detailed Design Report

### Meeting ~ (16/05/2020, 1hour)
**Present:** Everyone
**Discussion:** 
We just talked about currently what we are doing and we talked about the future tasks and how we can manage to achieve them. We also tried to solve some problem related to Firebase realtime database.
**ToDo:** 
Everyone will continue their tasks. There is no new tasks given.

### Meeting ~ (17/05/2020, 1.5hour)
**Present:** Everyone
**Discussion:** 
Faruk and Ahmed talked about their codes(EasyGameFragment/ Photo capture part). Then we talked about the future works. We talked about what we need to do. We talked about how we can do some parts of our app. We distributed new tasks to everyone.
**ToDo:** 
- Sergen will work with profile info changes.
- Faruk will work on combining Ahmed's part and his part.(So that task part will be completed)
- Mehmet Ali will work on changing user profile photo.
- Ahmed Salih will work on Search activity and tag system. 

### Meeting ~ (18/05/2020, 1.5hour)
**Present:** Mehmet Ali was missing
**Discussion:** 
We talked about the general structure of the database and how we should create it so that we can achieve our goals. Then we talked about the last remaining tasks of our app.
**ToDo:** 
- Sergen will work with help fragment.
- Faruk will work with onclick method of the gridview which is in the search activity
- Mehmet Ali was missing.
- Ahmed Salih will work on general structure of the database/storage and its methods.  

### Meeting ~ (19/05/2020, 1hour)
**Present:** Everyone
**Discussion:** 
We talked about the final version of our app and talked about what is remaining
**ToDo:** 
- Sergen will work with help fragment.
- Faruk will work with uploading default images to the firebase storage 
- Mehmet Ali will work on profile photo capturing
- Ahmed Salih will work on the badges system and the achievements(general database related work)